-- tomboyGangster [TG] began pestering traditionalTerror [TT] –

TG: Bro holy shit
TG: Like holy fuck
TG: I thought I was going crazy
TT: Who says you aren't?
TG: If I am then you are one fucked up little character transpiring in my mind right now
TT: Always have been.
TT: It’s nice to meet you!
TG: Yeah you too! I’m Kena. I’m glad I’m not alone here
TG: Do you know what’s going on? I mean… to the universe right now…
TT: Um
TT: Planet go boom
TT: That's all I got
TG: True dat
TG: I feel like it goes deeper than that though
TG: I sort got a foretelling of this happening but I thought it was a /j bro
TT: What?
TT: I just woke up to the world ending
TT: The hell are you on about
TT: Foretelling?
TG: Just a minute ago I saw those meteors coming in a dream… cloud… thing
TG: The dream felt so out of body
TG: Like not a typical dream a person would have
TT: You high?
TG: No you absolute chuckle fuck, if I was high then none of this would be happening and I’d be blazing it up in my crib with the homies
TG: Anyway, on the topic of dreams, I’m recalling a lot of dreams that felt that way
TG: A bunch of them that felt so out of left field
TT: Oh?
TT: I have had some wacky dreams recently too
TT: In some goofy purple place
TG: Like… the 2007 windows game?
TG: The suite of three educational computer games? The games developed by the now defunct Oberon media for Microsoft systems?
TT: Um
TT: No
TT: Just purple
TG: Oh
TT: Yeah
TT: Just a weird recurring purple dream
TG: Why the fuck is your dream purple
TT: I guess I subconsciously love purple?
TT: Oh, think I’m bouta hit a planet
TT: Where are we anyway? Some galactic hub or something?
TG: Idk but it all seems kinda purrposefully placed…
TG: *purposefully
TG: meow or some shit
TT: Meow?
TG: Anyway, these planets seem to be placed here intentionally
TG: Some of them are chained together
TG: Going through those green portals
TG: Where do you think they are going?
TT: They’re connected? Huh, guess they are.
TT: I would guess someplace important?
TT: Those chains would be fun to walk across
TT: Walking from planet to planet would be sick
TT: OOP just landed.
TT: Imma head out, try to find out what the fuck is going on here
TG: Pleasure to feet you
TG: Fuck
TG: *meet
TG: God damn it this is why people say I have a fetish

-- tomboyGangster [TG] ceased pestering traditionalTerror [TT] --
