-- tomboyGangster [TG] began pestering traditionalTerror [TT] –TG: Bro holy shitTG: Like holy fuckTG: I thought I was going crazyTT: Who says you aren't?TG: If I am then you are one fucked up little character transpiring in my mind right nowTT: Always have been.TT: It’s nice to meet you!TG: Yeah you too! I’m Kena. I’m glad I’m not alone hereTG: Do you know what’s going on? I mean… to the universe right now…TT: UmTT: Planet go boomTT: That's all I gotTG: True datTG: I feel like it goes deeper than that thoughTG: I sort got a foretelling of this happening but I thought it was a /j broTT: What?TT: I just woke up to the world endingTT: The hell are you on aboutTT: Foretelling?TG: Just a minute ago I saw those meteors coming in a dream… cloud… thingTG: The dream felt so out of bodyTG: Like not a typical dream a person would haveTT: You high?TG: No you absolute chuckle fuck, if I was high then none of this would be happening and I’d be blazing it up in my crib with the homiesTG: Anyway, on the topic of dreams, I’m recalling a lot of dreams that felt that wayTG: A bunch of them that felt so out of left fieldTT: Oh?TT: I have had some wacky dreams recently tooTT: In some goofy purple placeTG: Like… the 2007 windows game?TG: The suite of three educational computer games? The games developed by the now defunct Oberon media for Microsoft systems?TT: UmTT: NoTT: Just purpleTG: OhTT: YeahTT: Just a weird recurring purple dreamTG: Why the fuck is your dream purpleTT: I guess I subconsciously love purple?TT: Oh, think I’m bouta hit a planetTT: Where are we anyway? Some galactic hub or something?TG: Idk but it all seems kinda purrposefully placed…TG: *purposefullyTG: meow or some shitTT: Meow?TG: Anyway, these planets seem to be placed here intentionallyTG: Some of them are chained togetherTG: Going through those green portalsTG: Where do you think they are going?TT: They’re connected? Huh, guess they are.TT: I would guess someplace important?TT: Those chains would be fun to walk acrossTT: Walking from planet to planet would be sickTT: OOP just landed.TT: Imma head out, try to find out what the fuck is going on hereTG: Pleasure to feet youTG: FuckTG: *meetTG: God damn it this is why people say I have a fetish-- tomboyGangster [TG] ceased pestering traditionalTerror [TT] --